Add starter kit template for project governance (#92)
NASA-AMMOS/slim: documentation/starter-kits/GOVERNANCE/GOVERNANCE.md

## Roles

### User

Anyone who has downloaded, deployed, or operated [INSERT PROJECT NAME] to meet a specific objective. [INSERT PROJECT NAME] was primarily designed for [INSERT DESCRIPTION OF PROJECT PURPOSE], but let us know if you've found other uses for it.  

### Contributor

Contributors include anyone that provides input to the project. This includes code, issues, documentation, graphics, designs, or anything else that tangibly improves the project. We encourage you to start contributing right away by joining our [Discussions]([INSERT LINK TO DISCUSSION BOARD]) or submitting an [Issue]([INSERT LINK TO ISSUE TRACKING SYSTEM]). 

### Triager

Subset of contributors who have demonstrated a strong familiarity with [INSERT PROJECT NAME] and are regularly contributing to the project via issue creation, commenting, discussions, etc. Triagers are given the "Triage" GitHub role and are added to corresponding GitHub team. These team members have the ability to do the following:

    - Label issues and pull requests
    - Comment, close, and reopen issues and pull requests

[List of current Triagers]([INSERT LINK TO GITHUB TEAM ASSOCIATED WITH TRIAGERS])
 

> ### Collaborator

Reviewer: Curious - what made you choose the term "Collaborator" as opposed to "Committer"?

If you are planning on making a substantial contribution to the project or feel as though you should be given write access to a repository, please send a request to [INSERT LINK TO EMAIL/GITHUB USER HANDLE]

[List of current collaborators]([INSERT LINK TO GITHUB TEAM ASSOCIATED WITH COLLABORATORS])

## Technical Steering Committee

A subset of the collaborators forms the Technical Steering Committee (TSC). The TSC has authority over the following aspects of this project:

- Technical direction and guidance
- Committee governance and process 
- Contribution policy
- Conduct guidelines
- Maintaining the list of collaborators

### TSC Committee Members
- [INSERT MEMBER NAME] ([username1]([INSERT LINK TO USERNAME]), [INSERT ORG ASSOCIATION]
- [INSERT MEMBER NAME] ([username1]([INSERT LINK TO USERNAME]), [INSERT ORG ASSOCIATION]

> <details>

Reviewer: I didn't know you could use this tag to hide information in Markdown. Nice 👍 .

<summary>Emeriti</summary>

### TSC Emeriti
- [INSERT MEMBER NAME] ([username1]([INSERT LINK TO USERNAME]), [INSERT ORG ASSOCIATION]

</details>
 

> ### Scope

Reviewer: We don't typically list the names of individual repos for other repo metadata files like `CONTRIBUTING.md`, `CODE_OF_CONDUCT.md`, `LICENSE` etc., due to the overhead of maintaining repository names for multi-repo projects. 

Is there a benefit to listing the repos applicable to the governance policy, as opposed to making a statement such as "the repositories containing this `GOVERNANCE.md` are subject to the policies described within it" or something to that effect?

- Maintaining the overall project roadmap
- Determining project requirements and commitments to sponsors and stakeholders
- Assessing available resources and allocating them across the project
- Monitoring and reporting on progress against the roadmap 
- On-boarding new sponsors and stakeholders
- Overall project governance (including this policy)
- Addressing any legal considerations

### PMC Committee Members
- [INSERT MEMBER NAME] ([username1]([INSERT LINK TO USERNAME]), [INSERT ORG ASSOCIATION]
- [INSERT MEMBER NAME] ([username1]([INSERT LINK TO USERNAME]), [INSERT ORG ASSOCIATION]

<details>

<summary>Emeriti</summary>

### PMC Emeriti
- [INSERT MEMBER NAME] ([username1]([INSERT LINK TO USERNAME]), [INSERT ORG ASSOCIATION]

</details>   

### Scope

The PMC has management authority over the same projects over which the TSC has technical authority.   

### Decision Making Process

The PMC will consist of a product manager and additional representative from sponsors and key stakeholders. The PMC or sponsoring organizations can nominate new members at any time. Care should be taken not to include too many members from a single stakeholder project or organization.

> Monthly stakeholder meetings are held to discuss current project status and propose changes to the project roadmap. If stakeholder representatives and sponsors concur with these proposals during the meeting, they will be immediately adopted. A member of the PMC will ensure the changes have been captured and recorded. Monthly stakeholder meetings will be open to the entire community, but only members of the PMC have decision making authority. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[INSERT FREQUENCY OF STAKEHOLDER INPUT, E.G. MONTHLY SOLICITATIONS] are held to discuss current project status and propose changes to the project roadmap. If stakeholder representatives and sponsors concur with these proposals during the meeting, they will be immediately adopted. A member of the PMC will ensure the changes have been captured and recorded. Stakeholder solicitations will be open to the entire community, but only members of the PMC have decision making authority. 

```

Reviewer: Monthly might be overkill for some small projects. Perhaps we suggest the frequency of input as a template item.
